hey guys how to do it it's on your
expedience and welcome to another
wonderful tradition zero 11.1 modern
factories this is episode 2 last time we
reviewed the robotic Crockett robotic
craft and today have you guys atomic
size another one and they're basically
it's a little bit of a nerdy yeah I said
no so basically you person is going to
do this one it's all about breaking down
elements creating these new elements
alone element part here was different
atomic numbers is ten different elements
at the moment the stones new so was this
common number is one worth a gazillion
Moffat periodic table the team captains
was simply one book so the stone other
number is one log any loss of memory to
coal or coal is 304 coded 5,000 to 6,000
is 7 netherrack is a rotor igniting
emerald to hired which intensity the
atomic periodic a will only work on
these and element so yeah after you know
there element's atomic announced the
mass number thingamajig the affinity
fraud of the
you're gonna need to craft some insane
machines I've got a possibility hoping
right here but there in this chest yes
so we have three machines are two
machines here we've got the atomic
clash' which is has like two pieces of
gold oh no sorry
third blocks of gold the red shield on
screen true redstone two pieces of
redstone and three glass pane that is
the atomic flasher basically I'm gonna
put them outside and the plating damages
of proton extractions from 2 by 2 pi n
blocks 2 redstone and I'm pretty sure it
is very high in the bar oh yeah that is
basically be to machines that this mod
and and also the atomic pipe quite a go
away instructors by just simply 6 plus
pieces of black plane it's just to make
it look good it doesn't really do
anything but basically this is the way
you're gonna set it off the bed way the
atomic what's the how I just broke it I
just I just broke my own atomic
extractor I feel sad now I feel really
sad now
so the at atomic clash you put it down
here and then the approach or attractor
is like that basically put the atomic
pack up look I'll put my pipes in middle
and I completely messes up fix it
look the pipes on even going into the
machine oh it works otherwise so I'm
gonna go back into the factory for a few
seconds to grab my materials we shot in
this chest so basically these are the
things we can use to break down smooth
stone log
coal iron gold lapis block well away
diamond at the racks glowstone and
emerald so basically I got to break
these down with the proton extractor
which is the iron block looking one and
basically you just tap on it and it's a
freshman graph it as you can see the
solution will give you one proton
Oakwood on any word will give you two
coal will give you three the pea will
give you four protons and and gold will
give you six protons lapis little each
block will give you sever will give you
six Sam will give you seven and then it
is goes like this so nether Apple TV 8
first on 59 and Amaral a single emerald
hippies and the basically need to do now
is after you get some photons only
Deccan Traps um and another item that is
very important in which is the synthetic
nucleus so trafficking synthetic nucleus
you're gonna need one piece of glass
paint and for leather so it's pretty
simple to craft and popular craft table
and simply you'll get three synthetic
nucleus so I'm going to these going to
take quite a few more if you don't mind
there we go there's all the society
clears in here about twenty three of
them basically do is you simply go up to
the atomic class show you tap on them
with the protons as many times you want
to see of course the atomic number is
how many times you want so say if you
want a smoothing it will say proton
count one and you just tap on it with a
it's a synthetic nuclear and oh create a
smooth stone and then two is log three
is cold as you see or drop a call and
then four is iron five is easy you can
count it down to five five will be gold
6 will be lapis block seven would be
the diamond and it will be another rack
and then nine if I can get up nine would
be the one the only closer and I'm gonna
have to break down this once more
talking to change in them as you can see
features kind of switch be putting over
them and the maxpro train you can get to
is 10 and then it won't type anymore so
that is the emerald as you can see that
is making it like this how you want to
replace it breakdown materials and you
can create a MIDI materials or we can
break down image or make it into all the
heroes it's kind of like a cycle and
it's pretty cool
other than that that's basically install
mods factory season 2 episode food you
guys did enjoy leave a like down below
be sure to subscribe and of course if
you want to see some more than just
transport and suggest the next one you
want to see down in the comments below
it has to be technology related as this
is this multifactor e